Adviser

1.	Overview
Adviser負責提供影像螢幕給client.
主要對應於遠端client與影像擷取driver介面
它是抽象的附加層分隔出影像擷取driver的內部細節避免底層的programming複雜度
Adviser不只處理影像要求，他也提供多個client端連接(從一個到多個)，限制user的訪問權限，螢幕壓縮率等等

2.	Architecture
Adviser與遠端client為雙向溝通
提供clinet影像，從client接收鍵鼠封包
鍵鼠封包將交由usb driver處理並傳送給host

Adviser has following major components:
a)	Connection Manager Thread.
b)	Session Manager Thread.
c)	Command Handler Thread.
d)	Video Engine Thread.
e)	Worker Thread.

2.1.	Connection Manager Thread
handling new connections from remote client. 
須接收所有incoming data packets and 傳給cmdhndlr

new connections等待socket在特定的prot(可設定)，
first  checks if this new connection is within the maximum allowed limit
yes 保留此client為可連線對象
no 回傳Ack給client，已到達連線最大數量
這會透過Session Manager Thread

把新連接的socket加入socket descriptor array
Connection Manager check descriptor array是否所有data都available 
yes call “handle command” of Command Handler Thread
Command Handler Thread, running under Connection manager thread context, will process the command.

任何原因發生錯誤，connection manager cleans up the session using Session Manager Module calls.

2.2.	Session Manager Thread
Session Manager  responsible 留下possible sessions, 創建新sessions,清理sessions,持續追蹤存在的sessions
簡單來說 Session Manager 是所有sessions的database，其他modules必須call Session Manager獲得相關information


There is a difference between reserve sessions and create sessions.
Reserve session just marks the session as a possible connection.
經過認證後的connection 才會call create session
authentication is done by Command Handler module, 成功後才會call create session
If the session is not authenticated
return Ack sent to session, session will be clean after

Remote client is always launched from the web browser.
launch web browser時會先獲得session token,會有個validity time out (configurable),
from the web server using RPC calls
Web server creates the session token using session login library calls.
This session token is then passed to the remote client by the browser. 
Remote client sends this back to Adviser to get authenticated. 
Adviser in turn uses the session login library calls to authenticate the client.

2.3.	Command Handler Thread
This is the module處理所有遠端client的commands
跑在Connection Manager Thread之後
遠端client傳送驗證封包給adviser當作first packets.
Command Handler接收驗證封包與驗證遠端client使用sessionlogin library calls
valid      the video is serviced to the client
invalid    then error is notified to the connection manager, which eventually closes the session

2.4.	Video Engine Thread
Video Engine Thread是adviser的核心從Video Capture driver獲得video data
Video Engine Thread與driver interface module and worker threads 提供影像給client端

two rules
Rule no 1:
Video service engine will put to work only if there is at least one client session established. 
If there is no client session available then it is put to sleep. 
It will be woken up again when a new session comes in again.
Rule no 2:
有任何command packet 要傳給client，必先傳送command再傳影像之前

1. stop-Auto bandwidth detect
2. Ecrypt status - 傳送加密狀態。只有在多client時啟用，通知其他client加密啟用，以免造成衝突
3. Auto bandwidth detect - Send requested Bandwidth data to help remote client to auto detect bandwidth.

當創新session後(通過認證後)，將會開始work,following things to service the video to the clients.
1.	Get the list of connected sessions.
2.	Check for any control packet to send.
3.  假如任何control packet發送透過worker threads已存在。 重新開始
4.	Issue capture video call to driver interface to get video data. 
	Driver interface in turn issues IOCTL call to the Video Capture driver and gets the video data. 
	Handle error condition if any.
5.	Send the video data to all the clients through worker threads. 
	Handle error condition if any. 
	After sending video to all the clients start over again.

2.5.	Worker Thread
adviser的勞工
They do the hard work to send the video to the client.
Worker threads are created at start. 
The number of worker threads corresponds to the maximum client sessions supported.
Adviser has self-imposed limit of “2” for this. But this is configurable.

Worker Thread皆處於睡眠狀態，直到單個Video Engine Thread呼叫他們傳送video data or control packet to the corresponding client using socket calls 
After completing their job, the worker threads are put to sleep again.

Worker thread劃分整個video為多個fragments傳送給client,client在透過fragments組成整段video packets again

3.	Interface Library
Interface library負責與Video Capture driver溝通並從他那邊完成任務。
Interface library使用video engine獲得 video data和藉由command handler發出命令控制Video Capture Driver. 
Interface library will also compress the video data (if required) before passing the video to the video engine, if compression is enabled. 
Driver interface module uses compression library calls to compress the video.





